Now that we have set our DB server,
let us begin by writing the code we want to run.
From the examples in the slides, we want to create an EntityManager of Person.
The Person class is our example class.
Let us call this EntityManager entityManager,
and we want to create this EntityManager with a factory method
EntityManager.of and pass the Person class as a parameter.
Let us suppose we have a Person called linda = new Person.
This one linda is called, well, Linda; age,
31; and we want a Person, james, new Person James,
age, 24.
Let us create another Person, susan, new Person, = new Person, Susan, age 34.
And then let us to take you to the last one,
Person john = new Person, John, age 33.
And the code I want to write to be able to write a Person
object inside my database is the following,
entityManager.Persist and pass linda as a parameter,
and the same for james, and the same for susan,
and the same for john.
This is the pattern of code I want to create so that my client code is as simple as possible and all the complexity hidden in the API.